qr-code/node/README.md, before:

# Shopify App Example - QR Codes Node App

This QR Codes example app is based on the [Shopify App Template for Node](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-app-template-node).  That template comes with the following out-of-the-box functionality:

- OAuth: Installing the app and granting permissions
- GraphQL Admin API: Querying or mutating Shopify admin data
- REST Admin API: Resource classes to interact with the API
- Shopify-specific tooling:
  - AppBridge
  - Polaris
  - Webhooks

## Tech Stack

This example app combines a number of third party open-source tools:

- [Express](https://expressjs.com/) builds the backend.
- [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) tests the express backend.
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) builds the [React](https://reactjs.org/) frontend.
- [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/) is used for routing. We wrap this with file-based routing.
- [React Query](https://react-query.tanstack.com/) queries the GraphQL Admin API.

The following Shopify tools complement these third-party tools to ease app development:

- [Shopify API library](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-api-node) adds OAuth to the Express backend. This lets users install the app and grant scope permissions.
- [App Bridge React](https://shopify.dev/tools/app-bridge/react-components) adds authentication to API requests in the frontend and renders components outside of the embedded App’s iFrame.
- [Polaris React](https://polaris.shopify.com/) is a powerful design system and component library that helps developers build high quality, consistent experiences for Shopify merchants.
- [Custom hooks](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-frontend-template-react/tree/main/hooks) make authenticated requests to the GraphQL Admin API.
- [File-based routing](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-frontend-template-react/blob/main/Routes.jsx) makes creating new pages easier.

## Getting started

### Requirements

1. You must [download and install Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) if you don't already have it.
1. You must [create a Shopify partner account](https://partners.shopify.com/signup) if you don’t have one.
1. You must [create a development store](https://help.shopify.com/en/partners/dashboard/development-stores#create-a-development-store) if you don’t have one.

### Download the example app source code

1. Use git to clone the example app to your computer:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-app-examples
```

1. Install the required dependencies.  You can use your preferred package manager:

Using yarn:

```shell
cd qr-code/node
yarn install
```

Using npx:

```shell
cd qr-code/node
npm install
```

Using pnpm:

```shell
cd qr-code/node
pnpm install
```

#### Local Development

[The Shopify CLI](https://shopify.dev/apps/tools/cli) connects to an app in your Partners dashboard. It provides environment variables, runs commands in parallel, and updates application URLs for easier development.

You can develop locally using your preferred package manager.  Run one of the following commands from the root of your app.

Using yarn:

```shell
yarn dev
```

Using npm:

```shell
npm run dev
```

Using pnpm:

```shell
pnpm run dev
```

Open the URL generated in your console.  Once you grant permission to the app, you can start development.

## Deployment

### Application Storage

This template uses [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html) to store session data as well as the QR Codes themselves. The database is a file called `db.sqlite` which is automatically created in the root. This use of SQLite works in production if your app runs as a single instance.

The database that works best for you depends on the data your app needs and how it is queried. You can run your database of choice on a server yourself or host it with a SaaS company. Here’s a short list of databases providers that provide a free tier to get started:

Database | Type | Hosters
-- | -- | --
MySQL | SQL | [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/try/managed-databases-mysql), [Planet Scale](https://planetscale.com/),  [Amazon Aurora](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/), [Google Cloud SQL](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql)
PostgreSQL | SQL | [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/try/managed-databases-postgresql), [Amazon Aurora](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/), [Google Cloud SQL](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/postgres)
Redis | Key-value | [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/try/managed-databases-redis), [Amazon MemoryDB](https://aws.amazon.com/memorydb/)
MongoDB | NoSQL / Document | [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/try/managed-databases-mongodb), [MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/atlas/database)

To use one of these, you need to change your session storage configuration. To help, here’s a list of [SessionStorage adapters](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-api-node/tree/main/src/auth/session/storage).

### Build

The frontend is a single page app. It requires the `SHOPIFY_API_KEY`, which you can find on the page for your app in your partners dashboard. Paste your app’s key in the command for the package manager of your choice:

Using yarn:

```shell
cd web/frontend/ && SHOPIFY_API_KEY=REPLACE_ME yarn build
```

Using npm:

```shell
cd web/frontend/ && SHOPIFY_API_KEY=REPLACE_ME npm run build
```

Using pnpm:

```shell
cd web/frontend/ && SHOPIFY_API_KEY=REPLACE_ME pnpm run build
```

You do not need to build the backend.

## Hosting

The following pages document the basic steps to host and deploy your application to a few popular cloud providers:

- [fly.io](/web/docs/fly-io.md)
- [Heroku](/web/docs/heroku.md)

## Developer resources

- [Introduction to Shopify apps](https://shopify.dev/apps/getting-started)
- [App authentication](https://shopify.dev/apps/auth)
- [Shopify CLI](https://shopify.dev/apps/tools/cli)
- [Shopify API Library documentation](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-api-node/tree/main/docs)
- Shopify App Templates
  - [Node backend](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-app-template-node)
  - [PHP backend](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-app-template-php)
  - [Ruby backend](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-app-template-ruby)
  - [React frontend](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-frontend-template-react)

Commit message:

Updating QR Code app README
Adding a list of what the code in this app provides for developers.

qr-code/node/README.md, after:

# Shopify App Example - QR Codes Node App

This app includes code for the following:
- Common application structure for creating, viewing, editing, and deleting entities.
- A list view for the app index, along with an empty state to guide merchants using the app for the first time.
- App Bridge features relevant for most apps. e.g. Titlebar, Contextual Save Bar, Primary Action Button, Resource Picker.
- Polaris components relevant for most apps. e.g Resource List, Radio button, Index Table
- Layouts for mobile users on smaller screens.
- A database storing application data.

The app is based on the [Shopify App Template for Node](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-app-template-node). That template comes with the following out-of-the-box functionality:

- OAuth: Installing the app and granting permissions
- GraphQL Admin API: Querying or mutating Shopify admin data
- REST Admin API: Resource classes to interact with the API
- Shopify-specific tooling:
  - AppBridge
  - Polaris
  - Webhooks

## Tech Stack

This example app combines a number of third party open-source tools:

- [Express](https://expressjs.com/) builds the backend.
- [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) tests the express backend.
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) builds the [React](https://reactjs.org/) frontend.
- [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/) is used for routing. We wrap this with file-based routing.
- [React Query](https://react-query.tanstack.com/) queries the GraphQL Admin API.

The following Shopify tools complement these third-party tools to ease app development:

- [Shopify API library](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-api-node) adds OAuth to the Express backend. This lets users install the app and grant scope permissions.
- [App Bridge React](https://shopify.dev/tools/app-bridge/react-components) adds authentication to API requests in the frontend and renders components outside of the embedded App’s iFrame.
- [Polaris React](https://polaris.shopify.com/) is a powerful design system and component library that helps developers build high quality, consistent experiences for Shopify merchants.
- [Custom hooks](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-frontend-template-react/tree/main/hooks) make authenticated requests to the GraphQL Admin API.
- [File-based routing](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-frontend-template-react/blob/main/Routes.jsx) makes creating new pages easier.

## Getting started

### Requirements

1. You must [download and install Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) if you don't already have it.
1. You must [create a Shopify partner account](https://partners.shopify.com/signup) if you don’t have one.
1. You must [create a development store](https://help.shopify.com/en/partners/dashboard/development-stores#create-a-development-store) if you don’t have one.

### Download the example app source code

1. Use git to clone the example app to your computer:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-app-examples
```

1. Install the required dependencies.  You can use your preferred package manager:

Using yarn:

```shell
cd qr-code/node
yarn install
```

Using npx:

```shell
cd qr-code/node
npm install
```

Using pnpm:

```shell
cd qr-code/node
pnpm install
```

#### Local Development

[The Shopify CLI](https://shopify.dev/apps/tools/cli) connects to an app in your Partners dashboard. It provides environment variables, runs commands in parallel, and updates application URLs for easier development.

You can develop locally using your preferred package manager.  Run one of the following commands from the root of your app.

Using yarn:

```shell
yarn dev
```

Using npm:

```shell
npm run dev
```

Using pnpm:

```shell
pnpm run dev
```

Open the URL generated in your console.  Once you grant permission to the app, you can start development.

## Deployment

### Application Storage

This template uses [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html) to store session data as well as the QR Codes themselves. The database is a file called `db.sqlite` which is automatically created in the root. This use of SQLite works in production if your app runs as a single instance.

The database that works best for you depends on the data your app needs and how it is queried. You can run your database of choice on a server yourself or host it with a SaaS company. Here’s a short list of databases providers that provide a free tier to get started:

Database | Type | Hosters
-- | -- | --
MySQL | SQL | [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/try/managed-databases-mysql), [Planet Scale](https://planetscale.com/),  [Amazon Aurora](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/), [Google Cloud SQL](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql)
PostgreSQL | SQL | [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/try/managed-databases-postgresql), [Amazon Aurora](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/), [Google Cloud SQL](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/postgres)
Redis | Key-value | [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/try/managed-databases-redis), [Amazon MemoryDB](https://aws.amazon.com/memorydb/)
MongoDB | NoSQL / Document | [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/try/managed-databases-mongodb), [MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/atlas/database)

To use one of these, you need to change your session storage configuration. To help, here’s a list of [SessionStorage adapters](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-api-node/tree/main/src/auth/session/storage).

### Build

The frontend is a single page app. It requires the `SHOPIFY_API_KEY`, which you can find on the page for your app in your partners dashboard. Paste your app’s key in the command for the package manager of your choice:

Using yarn:

```shell
cd web/frontend/ && SHOPIFY_API_KEY=REPLACE_ME yarn build
```

Using npm:

```shell
cd web/frontend/ && SHOPIFY_API_KEY=REPLACE_ME npm run build
```

Using pnpm:

```shell
cd web/frontend/ && SHOPIFY_API_KEY=REPLACE_ME pnpm run build
```

You do not need to build the backend.

## Hosting

The following pages document the basic steps to host and deploy your application to a few popular cloud providers:

- [fly.io](/web/docs/fly-io.md)
- [Heroku](/web/docs/heroku.md)

## Developer resources

- [Introduction to Shopify apps](https://shopify.dev/apps/getting-started)
- [App authentication](https://shopify.dev/apps/auth)
- [Shopify CLI](https://shopify.dev/apps/tools/cli)
- [Shopify API Library documentation](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-api-node/tree/main/docs)
- Shopify App Templates
  - [Node backend](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-app-template-node)
  - [PHP backend](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-app-template-php)
  - [Ruby backend](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-app-template-ruby)
  - [React frontend](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-frontend-template-react)
